Editor pass - Writing at Fleet guidance and editing processes (#5270)
fleetdm/fleet: handbook/brand.md

Writing at Fleet shares the same principles as [Communicating as Fleet.](https://fleetdm.com/handbook/brand#communicating-as-fleet) Every piece of content we write should be consistent with our company and brand values. To help succeed, we encourage our writers to apply a design thinking approach to their writing by following these principles:

- **Empathize** - Who is the reader? Why will they read it? What do they hope to get from it?

> - **Define** - What is the subject of your writing? What action do you want from the reader?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Define** - What is the subject? What action do you want from the reader?
```
Yeah, good. Adding "subject" here is better. Let's shorten it because we've already established in the paragraph above that writing is the subject of these principles 👍🏻

The following is our handy guide to editor bliss at Fleet, but first, let's start by looking at some common content types that require an editor pass. 

> - How do you find recently merged Pull Requests for the handbook and docs?

Reviewer: These suggestions change the meaning of the sentence above. They are supposed to list the types of content that require an editor pass, not an index of the sections below.

> - How do you find recently merged Pull Requests for the handbook and docs?

Author: ```suggestion
- Recently merged Pull Requests to the handbook and docs.
```

> The following is our handy guide to editor bliss at Fleet, but first, let's start by looking at some common content types that require an editor pass. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following is our handy guide to editor bliss at Fleet, but first, let's start by listing common content types that require an editor pass. 
```

> - Recently merged Pull Requests to the handbook and docs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Docs and Handbook pages.
```

> - What is the best way to edit articles, release posts, and press releases?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> - Look into the editor protocol for social media posts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
